I think a lot of times gets romanticizes that were constantly out there
doing you know dangerous or hazardous work and so a lot of times people
are given creditor kudos for things that they might not necessarily
do all the time on a daily basis and so you know not everybody
in the navy and not everybody even in this community is a is an operator
shooter is going down range you know creating havoc to the faux
face to face you know there are other people out there that are that
are doing a lot of good work in the logistical side the supporting
side there also considered enablers that allow those real special
operators to go and do their work but you know those enablers don't
necessarily get the credit that there do or they get looked at in appropriately
and you're in that community so you must do this when necessarily
they don't so I think that might be something that gets romanticized
a lot about but a lot of people don't really understand what
goes behind making good operations work and it's those people that
do that